we are currently inside the surgery
department at the Kamal adwan Hospital
the apartment houses hundreds of people
who were injured during the war on Gaza
the wounded are suffering from food and
Medicine shortages as a result of the
Israelis prohibiting the entry of Aid
basic necessities and even medicine into
the Gaza Strip there are also limited
capabilities of medical Crews
behind me you can see these children
they were injured east of the jabalia
camp while looking for food for
themselves and their family they were
accompanied by their father they were
wounded while looking for food East of
the jabalia
C they've been left with serious
injuries our children need food medicine
water and electricity if we cannot get
food what are we going to do the entire
world is watching our children without
lifting a finger no one is doing
anything no one is responding no one is
helping us these children are dying if
they don't die of hunger they will die
of disease they are children just like
any other child in the world there's no
child or free man in this world who
would be okay with children dying of
hunger or
disease their injuries and suffering is
made worse by the lack of food or
medicine this is the situation of these
children they were targeted by Israeli
aircraft with their family east of the
jabalia camp their situation is dire
they are unable to obtain food and
medication which is not available at all
here in Northern Gaza their suffering is
worsening by the second and they are now
in grave danger due to food and Medicine
shortages sh Al ja
shalaz make sure to subscribe to to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer